## What Are Dunder Methods?
In Python, special methods are a set of predefined methods you can use to enrich your classes. 
They are easy to recognize because they start and end with double underscores, for example __init__ or __str__.

As it quickly became tiresome to say under-under-method-under-under Pythonistas adopted the term “dunder methods”, 
a short form of “double under.”

These “dunders” or “special methods” in Python are also sometimes called “magic methods”. 
But using this terminology can make them seem more complicated than they really are—at the end of the day there’s
nothing “magical” about them. You should treat these methods like a normal language feature.

Dunder methods let you emulate the behavior of built-in types. For example, to get the length of a 
string you can call len('string'). But an empty class definition doesn’t support this behavior out of the box:

>class NoLenSupport:
> 
   > pass
> obj = NoLenSupport()
> len(obj)
TypeError: "object of type 'NoLenSupport' has no len()"
 

To fix this, you can add a __len__ dunder method to your class:

>class LenSupport:
> 
 >   def _ _ len _ _(self):
> 
  >      return 42

> obj = LenSupport()
> 
> len(obj)
42

Another example is slicing. You can implement a __getitem__ method which allows 
you to use Python’s list slicing syntax: obj[start:stop].

## What is probability?
At the most basic level, probability seeks to answer the question, 
“What is the chance of an event happening?” An event is some outcome of interest. 
To calculate the chance of an event happening, we also need to consider all the other events that can occur. 
The quintessential representation of probability is the humble coin toss. 
In a coin toss the only events that can happen are:

- Flipping a heads
- Flipping a tails

These two events form the sample space, the set of all possible events that can happen. 
To calculate the probability of an event occurring, we count how many times are event of interest can occur 
(say flipping heads) and dividing it by the sample space. Thus, probability will tell us that an ideal coin will have 
a 1-in-2 chance of being heads or tails. By looking at the events that can occur, probability gives us a framework for 
making predictions about how often events will happen. However, even though it seems obvious, if we actually try to 
toss some coins, we’re likely to get an abnormally high or low counts of heads every once in a while. If we don’t want 
to make the assumption that the coin is fair, what can we do? We can gather data! We can use statistics to calculate 
probabilities based on observations from the real world and check how it compares to the ideal.

## From statistics to probability

Our data will be generated by flipping a coin 10 times and counting how many times we get heads. 
We will call a set of 10 coin tosses a trial. 
Our data point will be the number of heads we observe. 
We may not get the “ideal” 5 heads, but we won’t worry too much since one trial is only one data point. 
If we perform many, many trials, we expect the average number of heads over all of our trials to approach the 50%. 
The code below simulates 10, 100, 1000, and 1000000 trials, and then calculates the average proportion of heads 
observed. Our process is summarized in the image below as well.